okay real-world test once again of the
Ford Escape this is the 2013 a lot of
people don't like when I make these
real-world tests especially when I won
on the Ford Taurus people in like that
one well what do I think of this car Wow
hmm nice steering wheel I'll give it
that I don't know to me it's a little
funny but the steering was a little
weird a little bit too reactive I don't
know it's it's a little strange the
seating position you have that nonsense
Microsoft Sync and I'm telling you the
thing just does not ever work properly I
have people that work at Ford that tell
me this all the time and they said I
think is nothing but a pain in the ass
and don't say that they don't know how
to use it or I don't know how to use it
or whatever it is
I love Microsoft all the way I only use
Windows but unfortunately like you know
those windows-based phones and probably
the sync system it's just terrible and I
love so many products do I use that to
do all of my using it to do my video
right now but some reason nah just never
seems to react properly
EcoBoost technology this car has no
balls whatsoever
nothing no power it's really bad it says
it has four-wheel drive you okay
probably front-wheel drive based and
then maybe if the rear wheels start to
slip they'll throw a little to the rear
I don't know if I could give an okay on
this vehicle like it's going to be a
great vehicle or not I'll tell you the
inside you know I kind of like it a lot
with the seats heated seats you know it
has a lot of amenities probably a lot of
toys but I don't know if this thing will
last you know like the previous Ford
Escape became very had some issues
especially with their six-cylinder
engines would constantly need coil packs
and would basically run on five seven
there's a lot of the times those people
know about cars actually know about that
common issue inside does have a full
moon roof very nice I mean definitely
have stepped up their game but do I see
spending basically like 35 grand on a
escape now I can't see it then again I
can't see spending 50 G's on an explorer
I just don't I don't understand
and why would people want to buy stuff
like this for that amount of money
because these things plummet and I mean
plummet in value within a year with
10,000 miles on and that shows you what
the vehicles really worth to begin with
if you ask me anyway this has been one
of my real-world tests of the 2013 Ford
Escape buy it if you want please leave
me those ridiculous comments and I do
actually respond to them I actually
enjoyed them
you